1. what kind of currency we will trust?
important thing is safe, safe, safe!
safe sense:
  (1) no one can change the amount of my money such as in account
  (2) only through my authorization can pay
bank give us sense of safety, because it pour a lot to maintain the accuracy of ledger
our money become a data in ledger, which are sustained by large manpower and resource

Can we borrow the strengh and resource from whole Internet(soooo strong) instead of single institution?
yes we can, we have bitcoin.

2. store style
all computers enter bitcoin website will have a ledger
I transfer some money, I need to tell my neighbor computer to update ledger.
also they will talk to their neighbor, one to two, two to four, until broadcast all computers has updated ledger
That can guarantee safe sense(1), one computer changes the money amount, it doesn't work, all computers have another ledger

3. how to make safe sense (2) come true？
use private and public key, public key is known by everybody, and private key is only known by yourself
Asymmetric encryption
the rule is A use his public/private key to encrypt something, only his private/public key can decrypt this cipher code
so A want to send B something only can be known by B, A just use B's public key to encrypt message, and B can use his private key
process: 
  private key: randomly generate a string.
  public key: apply some rules(Elliptic curve algorithm) generate a string according to private key
if you want to transfer money to B, use B's public key to 'lock' B, public key has strong relationship and similarity to account
only if I use my private key to decipher the encrypt money then I can spend them,
which makes 'only through my authorization can spend money'

A->B   5 BTC
input:
txn#: where the money come from(it has A's public key info)
script generated from private key(to decipher A's 5BTC to make sure A has right to spend these 5 btc)
output:
B script generated from B public key(to encrypt A's 5BTC)
amount: 5 BTC

4. how to make safe sense(1) come true? my money can't be modified 
ledger in BTC website only has transaction record, doesn't contain account balance.
account balance is calculated by trackiing transaction record, if someone wants to make fake account balance
he must make fake transaction, but it is so difficult.


